docs: improve docs for transformers (#617)
shikijs/shiki: docs/packages/transformers.md

  lang: 'ts',
  theme: 'nord',
  transformers: [
    transformerNotationDiff(), // [!code highlight]
    // ...
  ],
})
```

> ## CSS rules not included

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unstyled
```

> Shiki does not come with any CSS rules by default. You need to provide your own CSS rules to style Shiki's HTML output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transformers only applies classes and does not come with styles; you can provide your own CSS rules to style them properly.
```

It's too general to call "Shiki" - which is not the case as Shiki by default, ships inline styles.

## Transformers

### `transformerNotationDiff`

Use `[!code ++]` and `[!code --]` to mark added and removed lines.

````md
```ts

> console.log('hewwo') // [\!code --]

Reviewer: I would prefer to keep the function wrapper to showcase that some lines can be un-highlighted.

Use `[!code focus]` to focus a line.

````md
```ts
console.log('Not focused');
console.log('Focused') // [\!code focus]
console.log('Not focused');
```
````

Renders (with custom CSS rules):

```ts
console.log('Not focused')
console.log('Focused') // [!code focus]
console.log('Not focused')
```

- Outputs: `<span class="line has-focus">`
- The outer `<pre>` tag is modified: `<pre class="has-focused-lines">`

You can also focus multiple lines with a single comment:

````md
```ts
// [\!code focus:3]
console.log('Focused')
console.log('Focused')
console.log('Not focused')
```
````

Renders:

```ts
// [!code focus:3]
console.log('Focused')
console.log('Focused')
console.log('Not focused')
```

---

### `transformerNotationErrorLevel`

Use `[!code error]` and `[!code warning]` to mark a line with an error and warning levels.

````md
```ts

> console.error('Error') // [\!code error]

Reviewer: Here the same
